Table 2. Median usual weekly earnings of full-time wage and salary workers, by detailed occupation, 2018 annual averages										
"Note: Median earnings are not shown where employment is less than 50,000. Women's earnings as a percentage of men's are not shown where employment for either women or men is less than 50,000. Dash indicates no data or data that do not meet publication criteria.
 Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics."										

Table 12. Women's earnings as a percentage of men's, by age, for full-time wage and salary workers, 1979-2019		
"Note: The comparability of historical labor force data has been affected at various times by methodological and other changes in the Current Population Survey (CPS). Information about historical comparability is online at https://www.bls.gov/cps/documentation.htm#comp. The women's-to-men's earnings ratios shown here are calculated from the current-dollar median usual weekly earnings of full-time wage and salary workers in table 22.
 Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics."										


Table 13. Women's earnings as a percentage of men's, by race and Hispanic or Latino ethnicity, for full-time wage and salary workers, 1979-2019					
Note: The comparability of historical labor force data has been affected at various times by methodological and other changes in the Current Population Survey (CPS). Information about historical comparability is online at https://www.bls.gov/cps/documentation.htm#comp. The women's-to-men's earnings ratios shown here are calculated from the current-dollar median usual weekly earnings of full-time wage and salary workers in table 23. As of 2003, estimates for the race groups shown (White, Black or African American, and Asian) include people who selected that race group only; people who selected more than one race group are not included. Prior to 2003, people who reported more than one race were included in the group they identified as the main race. Asian data for 2000-2002 are for Asians and Pacific Islanders. As of 2003, Asians constitute a separate category. Data for Asians were not tabulated prior to 2000. People of Hispanic or Latino ethnicity may be of any race; estimates for the race groups include Hispanics. Dash indicates data not available.
 Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
 
Table 14. Women's earnings as a percentage of men's, by educational attainment, for full-time wage and salary workers 25 years and older, 1979-2019					
"Note: The comparability of historical labor force data has been affected at various times by methodological and other changes in the Current Population Survey (CPS). Information about historical comparability is online at https://www.bls.gov/cps/documentation.htm#comp. The women's-to-men's earnings ratios shown here are calculated from the current-dollar median usual weekly earnings of full-time wage and salary workers 25 years and older in table 24.
 Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics."					

								
